Form teams of no more than 4 persons.  (The structure of this project lends itself well to division of labor).

The project will use two datasets located in the Datasets folder.

MLF_GP1_CreditScore contains 1700 observations of 26 financial and accounting metrics changes for a set of firms in several different industries.
The Class label is the Moody's credit rating assigned to the firm in the following quarter.  
Certain ratings are considered "Investment Grade" (=1), other ratings are not (=0) and consequently may not be held in certain institutional portfolios 
(pension plans, etc.)

This is a classification problem; 
using the features, X, and the machine learning techniques from this class, 
classify the Moody's score (multiclass classification) and the Investment Grade (binary classification). 
Not both at the same time!  Two models - one multiclass, one binary class.

MLF_GP2_EconCycle contains 223 monthly observations of the US Treasury bond yield curve, 
the commercial paper yield curve and the USPHCI Economic Activity Index.  
In 1993 Friedman and Kuttner published a paper entitled "Why does the Paper-Bill spread predict real economic activity?"  
They found evidence that the spread on commercial paper, a short term form of corporate borrowing, 
and the US Treasury bill widens before recessions and contracts after and could be a useful predictor of real economic activity.  
We will not rigorously replicate this study, but instead use it as the basis for a regression exercise in machine learning.  
(Although this is a time series dataset, we will not be using it as such. 

You should discard the Date column and treat each row as an independent observation.  
You should also standardize all your data, otherwise your model will overfit to the level, since USHPCI is rising throughout this period.  
You will not include the Index itself in your model.) 
Using PCA and machine learning regression techniques, 
produce a model that uses these features and any additional features you engineer (use your judgement) to predict the percent change in the USHPCI 3, 6 and 9 months ahead. 

Each report should have two Chapters; first one of the CreditSCore problem and then one on the EconomicCycle problem.

Each Chapter should have 6 subsections addressing the following topics: 

1) Introduction/Exploratory Data Analysis, 
2) Preprocessing, feature extraction, feature selection, 
3) Model fitting and evaluation, (you should fit at least 3 different machine learning models)
4) Hyperparameter tuning, 
5) Ensembling and 
6) Conclusions

The report should have an Appendix with links to the code repository.  
The report itself may include charts, graphs and tables, but should NOT include unformatted 'cut-and-pasted' output from Python. 

The completed project will also have a cover page which lists the full names of all of the team members, page numbers, headings and subheadings.

It will consist of a single pdf file labelled "IE598MLF_Group_project" and be uploaded through the Compass assignment submission page. emailed to the instructor at mdmurph @ illinois.edu with a cover page listing all of the students in the group.

This project will count 25% of your course grade.